
## Code guidelines
Always add GDScript type hints everywhere. When referring to nodes, always use scene unique names instead of paths. Always initialize node references in an `@onready` variable rather than littering the code with inline node references. When doing null checks use `is_instance_valid(object)` rather than `object != null`. GDScripts should always end with an empty line. All `@onready` variables are private and need to start with an underscore. For emitting signals, always use the type-safe variant, e.g. `my_signal.emit()` rather than `emit_signal("my_signal")`. When getting a node from the scene use the provided `Assure.exists` method to check that the node is there and of the right type (e.g. `@onready var _my_node: Node2D = Assure.exists(%MyNode as Node2D)`).

## UIDs
Never mess with UIDs. They are automatically generated by Godot and should not be changed manually. Use paths to refer to resources, Godot will automatically convert this to UIDs when needed. If you need to refer to a resource in code, use the `load()` function with the path to the resource. Also never generate .uid files manually, they are automatically generated by Godot when the resource is saved. If you refer to resources from other resources always use the path not the uid. Leave out the uid attribute in the resource file, it will be automatically generated by Godot when the resource is saved.

## Writing tests
The test framework does not stop execution on failed assertions, so make sure the code after an assertion doesn't assume that the assertion was successful.

## Running tests
You can run tests using the `.\run_tests.cmd` file in the project root. This will run GDUnit4 in Godot and print the test results. Only run tests when specifically being asked about it.

To run only a single test suite, you can use the `-a` parameter to specify the test file or method. For example:

```
.\run_tests.cmd -a tests\test_large_trigger_plate\test_large_trigger_plate.gd
```

To run a specific test method, use the format `test_file.gd:test_method_name`:

```
.\run_tests.cmd -a tests\test_large_trigger_plate\test_large_trigger_plate.gd:test_trigger_reacts_to_two_bodies
```